<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--
To change this license header, choose License Headers in Project Properties.
To change this template file, choose Tools | Templates
and open the template in the editor.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html">
    <head>
        <title>TODO supply a title</title>
        <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
    </head>
    <body>
        Stefan Streifeneder
        <br/>
        Buttermeclcherstr. 14
        <br/>
        80469 München
        <br/>
        stefan.streifeneder@gmx.de
        <br/>
        Tel. +49 151 401 45 725
        <br/>
        <br/>
        <br/>
        <br/>Liability for Contents
<br/>As service providers, we are liable for own contents of these websites according to Paragraph 7, Sect. 1 German <br/>Telemedia Act (TMG). However, according to Paragraphs 8 to 10 German Telemedia Act (TMG), service providers are not <br/>obligated to permanently monitor submitted or stored information or to search for evidences that indicate illegal <br/>activities.
<br/>Legal obligations to removing information or to blocking the use of information remain unchallenged. In this case, <br/>liability is only possible at the time of knowledge about a specific violation of law. Illegal contents will be <br/>removed immediately at the time we get knowledge of them.
<br/>
<br/>Liability for Links
<br/>Our offer includes links to external third party websites. We have no influence on the contents of those websites, <br/>therefore we cannot guarantee for those contents. Providers or administrators of linked websites are always <br/>responsible for their own contents.
<br/>The linked websites had been checked for possible violations of law at the time of the establishment of the link. <br/>Illegal contents were not detected at the time of the linking. A permanent monitoring of the contents of linked <br/>websites cannot be imposed without reasonable indications that there has been a violation of law.
<br/>Illegal links will be removed immediately at the time we get knowledge of them.

<br/>Copyright
<br/>Contents and compilations published on these websites by the providers are subject to German copyright laws. <br/>Reproduction, editing, distribution as well as the use of any kind outside the scope of the copyright law require a <br/>written permission of the author or originator. Downloads and copies of these websites are permitted for private <br/>use only.
<br/>The commercial use of our contents without permission of the originator is prohibited.
<br/>Copyright laws of third parties are respected as long as the contents on these websites do not originate from the <br/>provider. Contributions of third parties on this site are indicated as such. However, if you notice any violations <br/>of copyright law, please inform us. Such contents will be removed immediately. 
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<h:form>
<h:commandLink action="/index.xhtml" value="Home" />  
</h:form>  
    
    </body>
</html>
